Update static registration readme and script (#241)
ni/measurementlink-python: examples/README.md

To statically register an example measurement service with the MeasurementLink discovery service, do the following:

1. Copy the example measurement's directory (including the `.serviceconfig` file and startup batch file) to a subdirectory of `C:\ProgramData\National Instruments\MeasurementLink\Services`.

> 2. NOTE: Do not copy the `.venv` subdirectory &mdash; the virtual environment must be re-created in the new location.

Reviewer: This note is part of step 1 and should not be a separate numbered step.

Here's how to define a note in GitHub-flavored markdown: https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925

Remove the spaces around the em dash.

> 3. Create a virtual environment in the new location. Open a command prompt to the new example directory under `C:\ProgramData` and run `poetry install`.

Reviewer: Clarify that "create a virtual environment" and "open a command prompt..." are the same thing:

```suggestion
3. Create a virtual environment in the new location by opening a command prompt to the new example directory under `C:\ProgramData` and running `poetry install`.
```
